hey everyone um so today I just wanted
to talk about something and want to have
a little discussion with you guys excuse
me and just want to talk about something
it's about I'm sure you guys have heard
about it at red if you haven't it's
basically a talent network where it uh
people from that network or go and
recruit youtube people and try to get
their channel try to get them to be a
partner with them through YouTube and
now I got a message like this um I got
it on July thirtieth and I got really
excited at first and I thought wow I
mean it's always been my dream to be a
partner because I mean I can make my own
thumbnails I could possibly earn revenue
from it I could get all the like things
of features unlocked and I call my
parents I was really excited and I came
back to the computer and I did some
research on a drip and they said it's
like a it's a scam it's a new scam
apparently they're a bunch of what
adrift does is that they mana monetize
your channel you have to send it in for
review if they accept you they accept
you you get out your channels in it you
get your videos enabled for monetization
and you become a partner and get all
those features unlock that you don't get
if you're a normal youtube person um so
I checked in that a bunch of the stuff
said uh add Revis a huge scam they're a
bunch of false copyright ID claims on
people's videos and there
getting upset because I'm they don't
understand why their videos are getting
a copyright ID claims so all this made
me think maybe this isn't the thing i
should do maybe i should just let it
come naturally if it does through
YouTube limit and not doing it through
some other third-party user so um I just
want to ask you guys I'm have you heard
about this what do you think are you
with them right now would you never do
them with it because of like what could
happen people they put a copyright ideas
they claim that that that some people
are claiming as said that the address
has claimed some of the videos to have
their own content when the content in
that video doesn't even belong to
address so basically they're trying to
make money for themselves they don't
even care about the customer they just
want to make money for themselves so I
last night I also called them and I
asked him I've seen like a bunch of
gaming videos being taken down because
and the person I was talking to I'm not
going to say his name but he told me
that uh the reason why some vid it
gameplay has been taken down like Call
of Duty's because it's a mission and it
repeats itself ah like if it doesn't
matter who you are you're always going
to go through the same mission and there
can be some music in the background that
can be very faint but the computer will
still read it and claim it up as
copyright but um um
he told me also that there were a few
aviation channels doing well but um I
didn't really see any flight simulator
videos and even though he told me my
flight simulator channels my flight
simulator videos would be fine but
honestly I I checked I checked it out
some more today the address like some
forums and I decided I'm gonna wait it
out I'm sorry if this does this video
doesn't make sense to some of you this
is honestly since day one if you've been
followed and if you've been subscribed
to me on my main channel fs9 757 it
never was about the views it never was
about becoming a partner it never was of
becoming of making money nothing nothing
like that it was about you know for all
you aviation lovers just to take you
away from like the real world and just
like put you in a flight sim video just
for a few minutes and I know you guys
enjoy that and I really appreciate every
single one of you and I will keep making
videos no matter what